personal Privacy Policy
Preamble

At personal we believe privacy policies should help you understand how your data is being used and provide you with a fair choice to control it. A privacy policy is a document outlining any information we collect from you across our website none.com and other sites we own and operate.

Legal basis for processing
We collect and process data about you only where we have a legal basis for doing so. The legal bases for processing are when:
It's necessary for a contract you enter with us (for example, when you request a service that we provide and we give it to you);
It satifies a legitimate interest where the processing is not required by law but is of clear benefit to you or others;
You give us consent to do so (for example if you give us permission to email you a newsletter or product update);
We need to process your data to comply with a legal obligation;
You can withdraw consent at any time, however this will not affect any processing that has already happened;

We endeavour not to keep personal data for longer than we need it. While we have your data, we protect it within acceptable means to prevent loss, theft and unauthorised access, disclosure, copying, use or modification. If necessary we may retain your data for our compliance with legal obligation, or in order to protect your vital interests. We cannot guarantee absolute data security and advise that no method of electronic transmission or storage is 100% secure.

International data transfer
Any personal information we collect is stored and processed in local on the phone, and where our partners, affiliates and third-party providers maintain facilities. When you give us your information you consent to its transfer overseas. If this transfer overseas results in transfer outside of the European Economic Area (EEA) we shall ensure that it's protected by appropriate safeguards. These safeguards include those approved by the European Commission, binding corporate rules, and other legally acceptable means. Transfers overseas may result in data you give us being held in jurisdiction which are not subject to similar data privacy laws as ours, therefore if a third party engages in acts or practices which would contravene our laws this may mean you will not be able to seek redress.
Your rights around and controls of your data
By providing personal data to us, you're providing consent to us to collect, hold, disclose and use your personal data in accordance with this privacy policy. If you're under 16, you must have your parent or guardian's consent to share your personal data prior to the access of our website or use of our services. You do not have to provide personal data to us, and can withdraw consent at any time. However, if you do not provide certain information we may not be able to provide a complete experience for our website, products or services.
Information from third-parties
If we receive personal information from a third-party, we will protect in line with this privacy policy. If you are a third-party providing us personal data, you represent and warrant that you have the person's consent prior to disclosure to us.
Restriction of processing
You can restrict the collection and processing of your personal data where consent was given in the past. If you have agreed to us using your personal data for marketing purposes, you can opt out by contacting us.
Information from third-parties
You may request the personal data we hold on you, and where possible we will return this to you in a generally accepted, easily readable machine format format such as JSON or CSV. You may also request that we transfer this personal information to a third-party. We may request verification of your identification in case we doubt the authenticity of the request.
Complaints
If you believe that we have breached a relevant data protection law or have evidence of any breach, you may contact the Data Protection Officer at personal using the details below and we will investigate your complaint.You also have the right to contact any regulatory body or data protection authority in relation to your complaint.
Unsubscribe
To unsubscribe from our email databases or opt-out of communications, please contact us using the opt-out facilities provided in the footer of the emails.
Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of data about you and your activity across the site. Sometimes they store preferences, and other times they return data to who issued them. You can opt-in and out of cookies when they are requested or follow your browser instructions for turning cookies off.
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) Notice

(LAST UPDATED: 4/26/2020)

Introduction
This Notice integrates and supplements the information contained in the privacy policy and it is provided by the for-profit organization who runs none.com and, if the case may be, its parent, subsidiaries and affiliates (for the purposes of this section collectively “we”, “us”, “our”). This Notice explains how we collect, use, and disclose (including, for a sale) personal information about California residents. The Notice also explains certain rights that California residents have under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”). This Notice explains how California residents can exercise their rights under the CCPA to request that we: (1) provide certain personal information that we have collected about them during the past 12 months, along with related information described below, or (2) delete certain personal information that we have collected from them.
Children's Personal Data
We do not collect personal information directly from children under 16. We may receive children’s data from parents and guardians.
Sale of your personal data
none.com does not sell the personal information of California Consumers and will not sell this information unless we modify this Notice and take the additional steps required under the CCPA.
Do not sell my personal information

none.com does not offer an opt-out from the sale of personal information because none.com does not engage in the sale of personal information as contemplated by the CCPA.

Requests under the CCPA

1) You have the right to request that we disclose to you:

the categories of personal information we collected about you
the categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you
our business or commercial purpose for using your personal information
the categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information
the specific pieces of personal information that we hold about you
in case of sale of personal data, we will make sure that you receive two separate lists where we disclose:
sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and
disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.

The disclosure described above will be limited to the personal information collected or used over the past 12 months.

If we deliver our answer electronically, the information enclosed will be "portable", i.e. delivered in an easy usable format in order to enable you to transmit the information to another entity without hindrance, provided that this is technically feasible.

2) You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information, subject to the following exceptions:

if we need your personal information to complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, or otherwise perform our agreement with you.
detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities
debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality of none.com
exercise free speech or exercise another right provided for by law
comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (“CalECPA”) and with any other legal obligation that lies with us.
engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest
enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with your expectations based on your relationship with us
make any other internal and lawful uses of your personal information in such a fashion that is compatible with the context in which you provided it.

If none of the exceptions above applies, as a result of the exercise of your right, we will delete your personal information and direct any of our service providers to do so.

How to make requests

To exercise the rights described above, you need to submit your verifiable request to us by:

writing us an email at the contact details provided in this document, or, if it is the case, follow the specific instructions provided on none.com

For us to respond to your request, it’s necessary that we know who you are.

Therefore, you can only exercise the above rights by making a verifiable request which must:

provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.

We will not respond to any request if we are not able to verify your identity and confirm the personal information in our possession actually relates to you.

If you cannot personally submit a verifiable request, you can authorize a person registered with the California Secretary of State to act on your behalf.

If you are an adult, you can make a verifiable request on behalf of a minor under your parental authority.

You can submit a maximum number of 2 requests over a period of 12 months.

Right to non-discrimination for the exercise of a consumer’s privacy rights

You have the right to not be discriminated if you exercise your rights.

This means that we will not put in place conducts such as denying you access to our service or to on-going promotions, lowering the service standards, increasing the prices, suggesting that a different price or quality may be offered or, in general, acting in such a way that will discourage the exercise of your rights.

Contact information
Our contact for questions or concerns about our privacy policies and practices:
Email: personal.com
Changes to this notice
We may change or update this Notice periodically. When we do, we will post the revised Notice on this webpage indicating when the Notice was “Last Updated.”
Limits of our policy
Our site, social media profiles and product/service offerings may link to external sites that are not operated by us. In such an event please be aware that we cannot control the content or policies of those sites, and do not accept responsibility or liability for their privacy practices.
